(Last Episode)
Well, I...
What is it? Is there something outside?
No, it's nothing.
Let's call it a day. You must be tired.
Right.
Jae Hyun, you should wash up first.
I'll get changed.
Why?
Are you trying to run away from me again?
What?
Don't ever run away from me again, Soo Jin.
I'll find you no matter where you are.
Okay?
Okay.
What is that?
Soo Jin, let's go.
Pil!
Soo Jin!
Soo Jin.
Soo Jin, are you all right?
Soo Jin, pull it together.
Pil.
No.
Pil, stay with me.
Pil.
No.
Open your eyes.
Pil.
Gosh, why wouldn't Mr. Bong pick up?
Your call cannot be connected at the moment.
What did the detective say? Did he find Jae Hyun?
Yes, his phone is on, so he located him.
Police officers nearby...
are headed over to his location.
Thank goodness.
Anyway, what happened to Mr. Bong?
He said he was going after Jae Hyun.
Oh, no.
You're bleeding too much.
I'm fine.
Where's Jae Hyun?
I think he ran away.
But forget about him.
I need to get you to a hospital.
Your cell phone. Where's your phone?
No, I'll get it.
Hello?
Hello? Isn't this Mr. Bong's phone?
Wait, are you Ms. Kang Soo Jin?
Yes.
I'm Kang Soo Jin.
Is Mr. Bong with you?
What about Park Jae Hyun?
Jae Hyun...
stabbed Pil...
with a knife and ran away.
What?
Pil's badly hurt right now.
Yes, all right.
I'll send an ambulance over immediately.
Mr. Shin.
Mr. Bong has been stabbed with a knife.
Send an ambulance to Haneul Lake. Hurry.
Yes, sir.
Goodness, they are driving me crazy.
Hello, this is Bora Patrol Division.
Park Jae Hyun has stabbed Mr. Bong,
and he's on the run right now.
You should hurry.
Park Jae Hyun is on the run right now.
Let's hurry.
Yes, sir.
That's his car.
- Follow him. - Yes.
Step on it.
Pil.
Hang on, okay?
An ambulance will be here any minute now.
Everything will be fine.
Soo Jin.
Did you get hurt?
I'm fine.
I'm sorry, Pil.
Only if I hadn't turned on my phone,
you wouldn't be here.
And you wouldn't have gotten injured.
It's all because of me.
I'm sorry.
Don't say that.
Even if you didn't do that,
I would've found you no matter what.
I knew you would do this.
This is why I said I wouldn't see you anymore.
I wanted to stop seeing you...
because I didn't want you to suffer because of me.
But I did this to you again.
If I couldn't save you,
I would've resented myself for the rest of my life.
That would've been harder for me.
Pil.
Stop right there!
Darn it.
- We finally got him. - Let go of me!
- Darn you. - Stop moving.
Let go!
(Emergency Response)
Stand up.
Pil, stay with me.
Pil.
The stars are very pretty.
They are.
Soo Jin.
When I was traveling through time,
at first,
I thought...
all I need was you.
But...
in the end...
I realized...
that your happiness...
was most important.
Pil.
When you smile,
I can smile.
When you're happy, I'm happy.
So...
you have to be happy.
That way I can be happy.
All right?
Hey.
Why do you say it like this is the end?
I...
will never...
leave your side.
Even if you say you hate me,
I won't leave you.
So don't die.
Please live and be with me.
Okay?
Soo Jin.
Even if I die,
don't think that I'm not with you.
Even when you didn't remember,
I was always by your side.
Whatever you do,
wherever you are,
I...
will always be by your side.
Why do you keep saying that?
Pil.
I still have so much to tell you.
There's still so much I haven't done for you.
I can't let you go like this.
I can never let you go, Pil.
Soo Jin.
I...
can't see your face.
No.
Soo Jin,
I have to see you.
Soo Jin.
Pil.
Pil, open your eyes.
Pil, no.
Pil.
I can't give up on you.
So don't give up.
Pil.
I love you.
(Present, Soo Jin's wedding day)
Thunder stealer.
Hey.
Why are you sleeping while getting your make up done?
She probably didn't get any sleep last night.
Oh, you.
Jung Ae.
What am I doing here?
Are you still half asleep?
You were getting your makeup done.
Makeup?
Am I getting married today?
Are you getting cold feet?
Soo Jin, are you having a hard time...
accepting the reality of marriage?
It's okay.
Pil. Where's Pil?
I don't know. He must be drunk somewhere.
Goodness. Your makeup is amazing.
I knew you were pretty,
but today you're really pretty.
I have to go see Pil.
- Hey. - What's up with her?
Hey, Soo Jin. Kang Soo Jin!
Soo Jin!
Hey, Soo Jin!
Hey!
- Hey, Soo Jin! - Hey.
I don't feel like going to the wedding.
But we have to go.
Let's go.
We have to at least show up.
Do you think Pil will go to the wedding?
He didn't come home last night.
Where is he?
Do you...
think Pil would want to go to Soo Jin's wedding?
Maybe it's better he didn't go.
He might cause trouble...
like he did last time.
Pil.
Soo Jin, why are you here?
Ma'am. Where's Pil?
- He isn't home. - What?
Pil.
Hey. Goodness.
- Pil. - Well...
Ma'am. Do you know where he is right now?
I'm not sure.
He didn't come home last night.
Why are you looking for him?
You're in your wedding dress.
Is something wrong?
Well...
I'll explain it to you later.
Bye.
She has to walk down the aisle.
Why is she looking for Pil?
I'm curious about that too.
(September 28, 2018 11:40pm)
Pil.
Open your eyes.
Hey, Pil.
- Pil, open your eyes. - Where are you?
- Pil. - Please show up.
- Pil. - Pil.
Hey, Pil.
Doctor, the patient woke up.
- Pil. - Where are you going?
You can't leave.
You have to stay in bed. This is dangerous.
- Sir, please. - Calm down.
- Please calm down. - Sir.
- This is dangerous. - Sir.
Pil.
You're also looking for me, right?
Soo Jin.
I told you...
that I'd find you wherever you are.
That I'd always be by your side.
Right, I can feel you.
We're in different times,
but we're still together.
We're looking at the same thing.
Soo Jin.
Nothing can split us apart.
I'll go to you by any means.
Just wait a little.
Just a little.
She's here.
Soo Jin.
Why did you come here instead of getting ready?
I need to see Pil.
What?
Why are you looking for Pil on your wedding day?
I'm sure Pil is looking for me too.
Where on earth is he?
What?
Hey, come to your senses.
Pil's whereabouts is not important.
You might be late for your wedding. Let's hurry.
This won't do.
I'll get us a taxi. Bring her with you.
- Wait. - Let's go.
Come quick.
- No. - What are you doing here?
- Let's hurry. - No, I must see Pil.
What?
Why am I tied up?
Darn it!
I think it's Jin Sook's house.
- Gosh. - You're awake.
Hey.
What is this?
Can't you see?
Don't try to pull anything silly and stay here.
Hey.
Jin Sook, did...
Did we get married again?
Are you crazy?
Why would I marry you?
Then what is going on?
Why am I tied up here?
So that you won't ruin Soo Jin's wedding.
What?
Soo Jin is getting married today?
With that pharmacist by any chance?
Are you still drunk?
Or are you denying the reality or something?
Where is Soo Jin then?
Where do you think? She's at her wedding.
Stay put like this...
until her wedding ends, got that?
Did Soo Jin not time travel?
I think it's only me this time.
Jin Sook, I'm here.
- You're here. - Seok Tae.
Did you tie him up properly?
Yes, I did.
Hey.
Isn't this too much?
How could you tie up your friend like this?
We didn't do this because we wanted to.
You kept on acting unexpectedly. That's why.
It's a happy day for Soo Jin.
Don't think about messing it up and stay put.
That's how you help Soo Jin.
Still, it's Soo Jin's wedding.
Shouldn't I go there to congratulate her?
I won't do anything. I swear.
So please untie me.
Jin Sook, I think he has a point.
Shouldn't he go to Soo Jin's wedding?
No, he made a scene when we delivered the gifts.
We can't let him go. Definitely not.
Come on.
I'm repenting what I did that day so much.
I won't cause a scene at her wedding.
I'll watch her from afar.
It's the most important day in her life.
I really want to congratulate her.
What should we do?
No, we already saw what he did on the day...
we delivered the wedding gifts.
Seok Tae, don't be weak.
Let's go.
Hey, guys.
Untie me already! Guys!
Jin Sook, that determined brat.
Goodness.
Where did she go?
The ceremony is about to begin.
She'll be here soon.
Let's wait a little longer.
The bride is here.
Soo Jin, where have you been? I was worried.
What's wrong? Are you sick?
Soo Jin must be nervous.
It's okay Soo Jin. Relax.
The ceremony will begin shortly.
The groom needs to stand by.
Okay.
Don't be nervous. I'll see you soon.
- We'll go with him. - See you later.
Gosh, those evil punks.
Here we go.
I need to go.
Let's go.
It's done.
I need to hurry.
Let us...
begin the wedding of the groom, Park Jae Hyun,
and the bride, Kang Soo Jin.
Groom, please enter.
Pil.
Why can't I see you?
Did you fail to travel through time this time?
Did I...
come by myself?
Goodness.
Soo Jin.
You must be nervous.
It's okay.
The thought of walking my only daughter...
down the aisle...
makes me want to cry.
Well... Dad.
I know. It's okay.
It's time for the bride to enter.
Okay.
Let's go.
Stand up.
It's okay.
Hurry.
The groom looks so trustworthy, doesn't he?
Now, it's time for the beautiful bride to enter.
Bride, please enter.
[VIU Ver] Episode 16 Manhole "The Wedding Day"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Look at her.
She's beautiful.
(Park Jae Hyun and Kang Soo Jin's wedding)
Do you, Jae Hyun,
take Soo Jin to be your lawful wife?
Do you promise to love and respect her,
and will you live as a faithful husband...
to keep a happy family?
Yes, I do.
Okay, great.
And I will ask the bride, Kang Soo Jin.
Soo Jin,
do you take Park Jae Hyun as your lawful husband?
And do you promise...
to love and respect him,
and will you keep a happy family?
Excuse me, Ms. Kang Soo Jin.
It's your turn to say "I do."
Say "I do."
What's going on?
Answer my question. It's "I do."
Soo Jin.
Let me... Let me ask Ms. Kang...
the same question one more time.
Ms. Kang, will you take...
Park Jae Hyun as your lawful husband?
No.
I can't marry this guy.
What's with her?
Soo Jin, what's wrong?
Jae Hyun.
Don't ever come near me again.
Understand?
- My goodness. - Oh, my.
Soo Jin.
Pil.
You...
went through the manhole, right?
Yes.
Why did you come now?
Do you know how long I waited?
I'm sorry that I'm late.
Let's go.
It looks like they're going to leave together.
Soo Jin!
Hey, Pil!
Gosh, this is great.
- Soo Jin, are you okay? - Yes.
Pil.
What about your wound? Are you okay?
Yes.
I'm fine now that everything is reset.
Don't worry.
That's one good thing about time traveling.
I was worried something bad would happen.
I was worried that you might not...
remember me again.
Pil.
Let's never...
be separated again.
Okay.
No matter where you are,
no matter which time period you are in,
I'll always be there.
Don't worry.
(One month later)
Hey, Soo Jin.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm okay. I haven't been summoned.
I'm too nervous.
I'll go over there.
Where? My room?
Yes. I'll be there.
Hey, hey.
Hey. My goodness.
What if my parents wake up?
We'll be fine. Come in.
Hey. Hey! He must be insane.
What are you doing?
If we get summoned, we have to go together.
Come here.
Hey, hey.
Give me your hand.
You have to go back once the clock hits 12am.
Fine.
Hey.
What's that sound?
What sound?
I think it's your heart beating.
No, it's not.
It's your heart.
Do you think so?
Goodness.
You know what?
It's really great to be with you.
Whatever.
Just check the time.
You're right. Let's see.
Hey, it's 11:59pm.
10, 9,
8, 7...
Oh, gosh.
Hey.
We weren't summoned.
Another safe day.
Soo Jin.
Yes?
Should I sleep over?
- What? - No?
Soo Jin.
- Mom. - Why aren't you asleep?
- Who were you talking to? - What?
I was on the phone with Jin Sook.
Why is the window open? It's too cold.
Mom, I'll close it.
You can go to sleep. You must be tired.
- Okay, good night. - Good night.
Hey, this is so thrilling.
Gosh, you're crazy.
Seriously, you're mad.
Soo Jin. Let's do this again tomorrow.
Hey.
My gosh.
My goodness.
Honey, how long are you going to be like this?
We should move or something.
The neighbors keep asking me...
why the wedding got called off.
I can't go out because I'm too embarrassed.
They just weren't meant to be.
Soo Jin didn't want to get married.
- What can we do? - This is terrible.
I'm off to the studio.
How can you go to work?
Mom, why are you doing this again?
Will you keep going out with Pil?
What's wrong with Pil?
Don't you know what's wrong with him?
He's jobless, and he has nothing to show for.
Why would you go out with him?
What? Awesome!
Did I pass?
What's that noise?
Isn't that Pil's voice?
Mom, Dad. I passed!
Honey.
Did Pil just...
Pil.
What? Honey, where is he going?
I guess he's going to Soo Jin.
Soo Jin?
Hey, Soo Jin!
I passed the police exam.
Good job, Pil. Great job.
Right?
I passed thanks to you.
Good job.
We're here, too.
You're so disgraceful.
Hello.
I...
passed.
(Congratulations on passing the police exam.)
Every man to his own trade.
Congratulations.
- Thank you. - Pil.
- Hey, Pil. Is it true? - Pil.
It's true. Look.
National Police Agency. Goodness, Pil!
- Pil! - Pil.
I can't believe this.
My goodness.
I feel so happy!
I can walk around being proud of my son.
My goodness.
- Congratulations. - Thank you.
Congratulations. I guess all his hard work...
finally paid off.
Pil was going to make it.
You just didn't see it.
Pil, tell me what you want to eat.
I'll cook something delicious for you.
- Okay. - Yes.
Soo Jin, you have to go to work, right?
- I'll take you to work. - Okay.
- I'll be off now. - Bye.
- Let's go. - Okay.
Let's go!
- Yes! - Goodness.
Oh, my.
Now that I see them, they look really good together.
Don't you think so?
Yes, they do.
Right?
Yes.
(You can marry a pretty woman if you study hard.)
Are you leaving because you passed?
I'm sad to see you go.
Hey, congratulations.
Congratulations, Seok Tae.
Thanks. I'm sure you'll pass too.
Congratulations.
Buy us drinks when you get paid.
Okay. Call me when you want a drink. I'll buy.
- Okay. - Don't forget.
- I'll call you. - I'm jealous.
(Dad)
Hi, Dad.
Pardon? Where?
Excuse me.
Are you Jo Seok Tae?
Yes? Me?
Who are you?
I heard you passed the civil servant exam.
Well, yes.
I got a job at a bank recently.
I see.
It's a good thing that we both have stable jobs.
Right?
I don't know what you heard from my dad,
but I actually like someone...
It's all done.
Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
I have to get going first.
- Bye. - All right.
Hey, Seok Tae. What are you doing?
Ji Sook. Well...
Are you Seok Tae's friend?
Yes. Who are you?
We are on a blind date.
A blind date?
Well, Jin Sook.
I didn't know.
I'm sorry.
Good luck. See you.
Jin Sook.
I'm sorry.
I have someone I like.
- What? - I'm sorry.
What...
Hey, Seok Tae!
He said he'd only like me all his life.
Men are all the same.
Gosh, the weather is great.
Jin Sook.
What? You were on a date. Why are you here?
Well, I didn't want to go on the date.
My dad set it up without telling me,
so don't get me wrong.
What an excuse. Goodness.
Hey. I don't care...
if you go on a date or not.
How can you say that?
Don't you care if I go on dates with other women?
No, not at all.
If you're going to date,
date someone really pretty.
How can you not mind?
I'm angry just seeing you with another man.
I don't know. I'm going inside.
Wait.
Tell me.
Am I just a friend to you?
Haven't you ever thought of me as a man?
What are you doing? Let me go.
No. I'm going to get an answer from you.
Tell me now.
Am I a man to you? Yes or no?
Yes or no.
What's that?
Are you saying I'm neither?
I'm saying there's a possibility.
Let me go. I want to go inside.
The one I loved
(Family DVD Rental)
You are
Dal Soo!
- Jung Ae - What?
It's nothing.
Pil passed the police exam.
Really? Pil finally made it.
Seok Tae passed a few days ago, and now Pil did too.
Isn't it nice to have civil servant friends?
Sure. By the way, Soo Jin must be ecstatic.
Soo Jin's mom hated Pil because he was jobless.
After he passed,
I heard she changed her attitude completely.
I guess a man should be successful.
Don't worry.
I'll like you even if you aren't successful.
What's this?
That?
A friend from middle school...
sent a wedding invitation.
Your friends are all getting married.
Won't you get married?
Jung Ae.
Do you think marriage is the final goal of love?
Then what is the final goal?
You want to be together because you love someone.
And that's why you want to get married.
Isn't that right?
Even if you don't get married,
you can live with the person you love.
I'm a little worried actually.
What if you change your mind...
and leave me?
Even if you get married,
people can get a divorce.
Marriage is a social institution.
It's not a magic that prolongs love.
Well, I know.
Jung Ae.
Look at me.
As long as you don't change your mind,
I will never break up with you.
Trust me.
Okay?
Okay.
Come here.
Why did you call my name earlier?
It was a song.
Are you taking your prescription?
Yes.
How do you feel?
Do you still have mood swings?
It's better than before,
but I still...
Let's...
change your prescription a bit.
You'll get better if you continue...
getting psychotherapy.
Don't skip any treatments.
Okay.
How may I help you?
I'm in the middle of a session.
I'm his guardian.
Let's go, Jae Hyun.
Well?
What time is it now?
Hold on.
It's 11:59pm.
Hurry.
We passed today as well.
Soo Jin.
It's so nerve-racking. I can't live this way.
Pil, how about we block this manhole?
No.
I have a better idea...
than blocking the manhole.
What?
Soo Jin.
Please allow me...
to stay by your side...
regardless of...
the time and place...
we are in.
Hey.
Let me stay by your side forever to protect you,
so that this manhole will never split us apart.
Pil.
Be more specific, clear, and precise...
so I can understand.
I mean, you only need four words.
Or three words.
I love you.
I love you, Soo Jin.
Soo Jin.
Will you marry me?
Here.
Put that ring on my finger...
before I change my mind.
(2 Years Later)
- Good boy. - Look over here.
Over here.
- Good boy. - Here.
Here, here.
He's so cute.
My Pil is good at babysitting too.
I guess so.
I didn't know Pil had this kind of talent.
It's surprising.
It's because I'm ready to be a husband.
Woo Ri.
- You're here. - Hi.
- Goodness. - Let's see.
Woo Ri, did you miss your dad?
I'm sorry I was late.
Seok Tae, how can you ask us to babysit...
and return this late?
We had no choice.
The line to buy the lunch boxes was really long.
Did you miss your mom, Woo Ri?
Pil must take care of your child when you have one.
He's good at babysitting.
Of course.
Soo Jin.
You just give birth to a baby.
I'll take care of the childcare.
Okay.
I get that, so let's take more pictures...
before he starts crying again.
- Okay. - Let's do that.
- Gather around. - Shall we?
Look over here.
He's smiling.
Let's take 1 more. 1, 2, 3.
Soo Jin, let's take it together.
- Right. - Come quick.
Come.
There you go.
1, 2, 3.
(Is he the one who used our wormhole?)
(He challenged himself for an impossible mission.)
(Impossible mission? What is that?)
(He tried to make his love come true.)
(His one-sided love which went on for 28 years.)
(Love?)
(Is it that important to humans?)
(Was his mission successful?)
(As you can see.)
(It's interesting.)
(Record this.)
(Should we take back our wormhole then?)
(Leave it be. We should study more on their love.)
(Is there another suitable person?)
I wonder if Jung Ae closed her store already.
Hi, Jung Ae.
Did you close up?
Yes, I closed up...
and am on my way home after buy some groceries.
What's up?
I just called to see how you're doing.
Jung Ae, are you hungry?
Shall we meet at the cart bar on the intersection?
I'll treat you to udon.
Why should I have udon with you?
I planned to have ramyeon with Dal Soo.
I'm hanging up.
He's so weird.
Wait, Jung Ae.
Right, it's too late for udon.
I'll only get fat.
I should just go home and sleep.
What? What's going on?
Help me!
What on earth is going on?
Goodness!
Time flies.
It's been a year since we got married.
Right.
Seeing as to how we haven't been summoned,
it doesn't seem like the manhole is working.
I know.
Come to think of it,
we wouldn't be together if not for the manhole.
I'm so thankful to it, right?
Right.
Hey!
Hey.
- Listen to me. - What's going on?
I told this to the other kids,
and they all think I'm crazy.
But you will believe me, right?
What is it?
Every night at midnight,
something strange has been happening to me.
I go back to being a high school student...
and then a kindergartener.
I go back and forth from the past and present.
I just got back.
Come on. I'm telling you it's true.
It's really happening.
Why are you laughing?
- Manhole? - Manhole?
Manhole?
(Thank you for watching Manhole.)